Repo caching feature (#4554)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_cloud-environments-info.md

- If you select a current version with `(latest)` in the name, your environment will automatically install the latest stable version of the minor version selected.
:::

> ### Repo caching <Lifecycle status='Enterprise plan' /> 

Reviewer: In other notes do we say "Plan"? Feel like this could be shortened to "Enterprise" unless we do this elsewhere

Author: just took a look in gh for prior art. there's actually several places where we use `enterprise plans`

> At the start of every job run, dbt Cloud clones the project's Git repository so it has the latest versions of the project code and package code. 

Reviewer: I like the enterprise tag, but feel like we should also call out enterprise only as a note.

Author: fair point! i'll use a callout to mark this feature as "enterprise only" and remove the pill -- having both is a little redundant

> At the start of every job run, dbt Cloud clones the project's Git repository so it has the latest versions of the project code and package code. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the start of every job run, dbt Cloud clones the project's Git repository so it has the latest versions of your project's code and runs `dbt deps` to install your dependencies. 
```

> For improved reliability and performance on your job runs, you can enable dbt Cloud to keep a cache of the project's Git repository. So, if there's a third-party outage (for example, a GitHub outage) that causes the cloning operation to fail, dbt Cloud will instead use the cached copy of the repository so your jobs can continue running as scheduled. 

Reviewer 2: Do we need to call out GitHub specifically here?

Reviewer 2: Can we add a description of when the cache is created (i.e. that it's created/updated after each successful run, and that we don't proactively fetch code outside of runs) and make explicit that we cache all packages regardless of installation method? 
Would probably also be worth saying that we retain them for no more than 7 or 10 days or however long it is.

Author: great flag!

- If you select a current version with `(latest)` in the name, your environment will automatically install the latest stable version of the minor version selected.
:::

### Git repository caching 

At the start of every job run, dbt Cloud clones the project's Git repository so it has the latest versions of your project's code and runs `dbt deps` to install your dependencies. 

For improved reliability and performance on your job runs, you can enable dbt Cloud to keep a cache of the project's Git repository. So, if there's a third-party outage that causes the cloning operation to fail, dbt Cloud will instead use the cached copy of the repo so your jobs can continue running as scheduled. 

dbt Cloud caches your project's Git repo after each successful run and retains it for 8 days if there are no repo updates. It caches all packages regardless of installation method and does not fetch code outside of the job runs. 

To enable Git repository caching, select **Account settings** from the gear menu and enable the **Repository caching** option. 

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/deploy/example-repo-caching.png" width="85%" title="Example of the Repository caching option" />

:::note

> This feature is only available on dbt Cloud Enterprise plans. 

Author: ```suggestion
This feature is only available on the dbt Cloud Enterprise plan. 
```
